Hello and welcome to the course on augmented random search.
My name is Carol Eremenko and along with the second instruction on this course at the London Treves
would like to extend a huge and warm welcome into this very first tutorial of this course on KRS and
this tutorial is designed to tell you a bit about the course and what to expect in the upcoming tutorials
so that you're better prepared and you're fully enjoying the journey and getting the most out of it.
So let's have a look what is augmented random search all about well augmented random search is a new
it's a brand new artificial intelligence algorithm that was published just recently.
So here I've got the research paper in front of us as you can see it was submitted to archive on 19th
March 2018.
It's a very very new type of artificial intelligence.
It's very simple.
And at the same time it surpasses in many ways the AI algorithms that existed before it.
And that's why we jumped on top of this opportunity we discovered it for ourselves and we couldn't wait
to share it with you.
And here in this research paper you'll find all the details of the arrest algorithm how it works how
it compares on benchmarks such as Mujer go with other algorithms and what the algorithm is behind it.
So we're going to actually use this research paper quite a bit inside the tutorials but you don't need
to run and download it right away and get.
You don't have to go through it.
You can if you like if you would like to get to know the research paper beforehand then feel free to
do so but otherwise we will walk you through it.
We'll walk you through different parts of it in the upcoming tutorials and so that way the whole algorithm
will be broken down into bite sized chunks so that you understand exactly how it works and together
we'll learn how to use.
Now going back to our presentation.
What is so exciting about Eris is that it performs really really well.
And so here we've got two examples.
There's a half cheetah and there's the humanoid.
They're both in this.
In these cases driven by the arrows algorithm.
If you haven't worked with this environment before don't worry we'll definitely covered off inside the
course.
But basically what we're seeing here is the Apress artificial intelligence Algren's is has trained these
models on how to walk and run in this environment.
And that's just one of the examples of applications of Erris of course that can be applied in many different
ways.
However this is a very commonly used benchmark.
And on this benchmark Erris outperforms other existing algorithms up to it's up to 15 times faster and
gets better results.
So that's why it's so exciting so interesting.
And so now let's move on to a bit about how the Course is structured this course.
Like many of our other courses has two main components it has intuition tutorials and it has practical
tutorials.
So personally I take care of the intuition side of things and Adlon creates the practical tutorials
the coding section on the course.
So why do we have two parts to most of our courses.
Well the intuition side of things allows you to understand the main concepts behind a certain technology
or a certain algorithm or something that we are talking about.
And understanding these main concepts doesn't mean getting into them thematics and getting bogged down
with all this all these difficult complicated calculations.
Not at all it just means understanding philosophically or understanding on a on a very intuitive level.
How exactly a certain technology or certain algorithm works what is it at its core is kind of my favorite
example is kind of like you don't need to know how a car works on the inside you don't need to know
all the how all the details all the little mechanisms inside of car work in order to drive it.
But you do need to know where to put the petrol what the gas does what the brakes do and you know what
the steering wheel does.
Things like that so that's what the intuition is all about.
To give a very clear picture of what this technology is all about and understand the main concepts and
then we dive into the practical and learn crazy tutorials to help you learn how to apply all that theory
that we learned all this amazing technology in practice and I'd learn you'll actually code line by line.
This Erris algorithm and you will be able to apply to specific problems in this major eco environment.
So you'll be able to see how it performs on that commonly accepted globally accepted benchmark and how
what amazing results you'll be it from them.
So together when you combine these you'll get both the theory and the practical application so you'll
be ready to use it in other areas whether it be business or other challenges other benchmarks.
So there we go that's how this course is structured from a high level perspective.
Personally we can't wait to dive into the first tutorials.
We are very excited to walk through areas and break it down into bite sized pieces so that we can all
understand it and apply it to very exciting and interesting challenges.
So here's to success and we await to see in the next tutorial.
Until then enjoy AI.